Deprecate repository (#526)
HumanCellAtlas/dcp-cli: README.rst

DEPRECATED
==========

> This repository is deprecated, for assistance with accessing data please refer to the `data-browser quick start guide. <https://data.humancellatlas.org/guides/quick-start-guide>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository has been deprecated. For information about accessing Human Cell Atlas data please refer to the `data-browser quick start guide. <https://data.humancellatlas.org/guides/quick-start-guide>`_
```
